Crowdstrike OpenAPI `cs-update-rulesv1` fix (#32436)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeOpenAPI/ReleaseNotes/1_0_17.md

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike OpenAPI (Beta)

> - Fixed an issue where the **cs-update-rulesv1** command would not run properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **cs-update-rulesv1** command would fail due to improper payload structure.
```
